TERRY, I KNOW THAT I HAVEN'T
WORKED HERE VERY LONG
BUT DO YOU THINK
IT WOULD BE POSSIBLE
IF I GOT A HUNDRED-DOLLAR
ADVANCE ON MY SALARY?
AN ADVANCE?
IT'S SO THAT I CAN SPEND
THANKSGIVING WITH MY FAMILY.
SEE, EVERY YEAR
WE GO SKIING IN VAIL
AND, NORMALLY, MY FATHER
PAYS FOR MY TICKET
BUT I'VE SORT OF STARTED
THIS WHOLE INDEPENDENT THING
WHICH IS ACTUALLY WHY
I TOOK THIS "JOB."
RACHEL, RACHEL.
SWEETHEART.
YOU'RE A TERRIBLE,
TERRIBLE WAITRESS.
REALLY, REALLY AWFUL.
OKAY. I HEAR
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
I'M WITH YOU.
UM...
BUT I'M TRYING
REALLY HARD
AND I THINK
I'M DOING BETTER.
I REALLY DO.
DOES ANYBODY NEED COFFEE?
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
YOU COME IN HERE
ALL THE TIME.
I WAS JUST WONDERING--
COULD YOU POSSIBLY GIVE ME
AN ADVANCE ON MY TIPS?
HUH?
OKAY. THAT'S FINE.
HEY, I'M SORRY
ABOUT THAT SPILL BEFORE.
ONLY $98.50 TO GO.
HEY.
ROSS, DID YOU KNOW
THAT MOM AND DAD
ARE GOING TO PUERTO RICO
FOR THANKSGIVING?
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
THE BLYMANS INVITED THEM.
YOU'RE WRONG.
I AM NOT WRONG.
NO. I JUST TALKED TO THEM.
I'M CALLING MOM.
HEY, HEY.
HEY.
AND THIS
FROM THE CRY-FOR-HELP
DEPARTMENT--
ARE YOU WEARING MAKEUP?
YES, I AM.
AS OF TODAY,
I AM OFFICIALLY JOEY TRIBBIANI
ACTOR SLASH MODEL.
THANK YOU.
THAT'S SO FUNNY
'CAUSE I WAS THINKING
YOU LOOK MORE LIKE
JOEY TRIBBIANI,
MAN SLASH WOMAN.
WHAT WERE YOU MODELING FOR?
YOU KNOW THOSE POSTERS
FOR THE CITY FREE CLINIC?
WOW! SO YOU'LL BE
ONE OF THOSE
HEALTHY, HEALTHY,
HEALTHY GUYS?
YOU KNOW, THE ASTHMA GUY'S
REALLY CUTE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHICH ONE YOU'LL BE?
NO, BUT I HEAR LYME DISEASE
IS OPEN, SO...
GOOD LUCK, MAN.
I HOPE YOU GET IT.
THANKS.
WELL, YOU WERE RIGHT.
HOW CAN THEY
DO THIS TO US?
IT'S THANKSGIVING.
OKAY. HOW ABOUT
IF I COOK DINNER AT MY PLACE?
I'LL MAKE IT
JUST LIKE MOM'S.
WILL YOU MAKE
THE MASHED POTATOES
WITH THE LUMPS?
THEY'RE NOT
ACTUALLY SUPPOSED
TO HAVE...
I'LL WORK ON THE LUMPS.
JOEY, YOU'RE
GOING HOME, RIGHT?
YEAH.
AND I ASSUME, CHANDLER,
YOU'RE STILL BOYCOTTING
ALL THE PILGRIM HOLIDAYS.
YES. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM.
PHOEBE, YOU'LL BE
WITH YOUR GRANDMA?
YEAH, AND HER BOYFRIEND
BUT WE'RE CELEBRATING
THANKSGIVING IN DECEMBER
'CAUSE HE'S LUNAR.
SO YOU'RE FREE
THURSDAY, THEN?
YEAH.
OH! CAN I COME?
YES.
RACH, ARE YOU STILL THINKING
YOU'LL MAKE IT TO VAIL?
ABSOLUTELY.
SHOOP, SHOOP, SHOOP.
ONLY $102 TO GO.
I THOUGHT IT WAS $98.50.
IT WAS, BUT I BROKE A CUP.
WELL, I'M OFF
TO CAROL'S.
OOH! OOH! WHY DON'T
WE INVITE HER?
"OOH! OOH!"
BECAUSE SHE'S MY EX-WIFE
AND WILL PROBABLY WANT
TO BRING HER "OOH! OOH!"
LESBIAN LIFE PARTNER.
( knocking )
HI.
HI. IS CAROL HERE?
NO, SHE'S AT A FACULTY MEETING.
OH.
WELL, I JUST CAME BY
TO PICK UP MY SKULL.
WELL, NOT MINE, BUT...
COME IN.
THANKS.
CAROL BORROWED IT
FOR A CLASS
AND I HAVE TO GET IT BACK
TO THE MUSEUM.
WHAT'S IT LOOK LIKE?
KIND OF LIKE A BIG FACE
WITHOUT SKIN.
YES, I'M FAMILIAR
WITH THE CONCEPT.
WE CAN JUST LOOK FOR IT.
OKAY.
WOW, YOU GUYS...
SURE HAVE A LOT OF BOOKS
ABOUT BEING A LESBIAN.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
YOU HAVE TO TAKE A COURSE.
OTHERWISE, THEY DON'T
LET YOU DO IT.
HEY.
HEY, YERTLE THE TURTLE.
A CLASSIC.
ACTUALLY, I'M READING IT
TO THE BABY.
THE BABY
THAT HASN'T BEEN BORN YET?
WOULDN'T THAT MEAN
YOU'RE... CRAZY?
WHAT, YOU DON'T THINK
THEY CAN HEAR SOUNDS
IN THERE?
YOU'RE NOT SERIOUS.
I MEAN, YOU REALLY...
YOU REALLY TALK TO IT?
YEAH. ALL THE TIME.
I WANT THE BABY
TO KNOW MY VOICE.
DO YOU, UH...
DO YOU TALK ABOUT ME?
YEAH. ALL THE TIME.
REALLY?
BUT, UM...
WE JUST REFER TO YOU
AS BOBO THE SPERM GUY.
LOOK, IF SHE'S TALKING TO IT
I JUST THINK I SHOULD GET
SOME BELLY TIME TOO.
I MEAN, NOT THAT I
BELIEVE ANY OF THIS.
OH, I BELIEVE IT.
I THINK THE BABY
CAN TOTALLY HEAR EVERYTHING.
REALLY?
I'LL SHOW YOU.
THIS WILL SEEM WEIRD
BUT YOU PUT YOUR HEAD
INSIDE THIS TURKEY
AND THEN
WE'LL ALL TALK
AND YOU'LL HEAR
EVERYTHING WE SAY.
I'D JUST LIKE TO SAY I'M...
I'M TOTALLY BEHIND
THIS EXPERIMENT.
IN FACT, I'D...
I'D VERY MUCH LIKE
TO BUTTER YOUR HEAD.
Ross: HI.
Monica: HEY, RACH.
DID YOU MAKE YOUR MONEY?
NO, NOT EVEN CLOSE.
FORGET VAIL.
FORGET SEEING MY FAMILY.
FORGET SHOOP, SHOOP, SHOOP.
RACH... HERE'S YOUR MAIL.
THANKS. YOU CAN JUST
PUT IT ON THE TABLE.
NO, HERE'S YOUR MAIL.
THANKS. YOU CAN JUST
PUT IT ON THE TABLE.
WOULD YOU JUST OPEN IT?!
OH, MY GOD!
OH, YOU GUYS ARE GREAT.
WE ALL CHIPPED IN.
WE DID?
YOU OWE ME 20 BUCKS.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
CHANDLER,
HERE YOU GO.
GOT YOUR TRADITIONAL
HOLIDAY FEAST: TOMATO SOUP
YOUR GRILLED CHEESE FIXINS
AND YOUR FAMILY-SIZED BAG
OF FUNYUNS.
THIS IS WHAT YOU'RE HAVING
FOR THANKSGIVING?
WHAT'S WITH YOU
AND THIS HOLIDAY?
ALL RIGHT.
I'M NINE YEARS OLD.
AW, HATE THIS STORY.
WE'VE JUST FINISHED
THANKSGIVING DINNER.
I HAVE-- AND I REMEMBER
THIS VIVIDLY--
A MOUTHFUL OF PUMPKIN PIE.
AND THIS IS THE MOMENT
MY PARENTS CHOOSE TO TELL ME
THEY'RE GETTING DIVORCED.
OH, MY GOD.
YES. VERY DIFFICULT
TO ENJOY THANKSGIVING DINNER
ONCE YOU'VE SEEN IT
IN REVERSE.
UH, HI.
WE, UH...
WE USED TO WORK TOGETHER.
WE DID?
YEAH. AT MACY'S.
YOU'RE THE "OBSESSION GIRL"?
YES.
I WAS THE "ARAMIS GUY."
"ARAMIS
ARAMIS."
YEAH, RIGHT.
I GOT TO TELL YOU--
YOU'RE THE BEST
IN THE BUSINESS.
GET OUT.
I'M SERIOUS.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
YOU KNOW WHEN TO SPRITZ.
YOU KNOW WHEN TO LAY BACK.
REALLY? YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS TO ME.
( sniffing ):
OOH.
YOU SMELL GREAT TONIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
( quietly ):
NOTHING.
LISTEN, DO YOU WANT TO GO
GET A DRINK OR SOMETHING?
YEAH. THAT'D BE...
OH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
I HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
OH, WHAT?
UM...
LEAVE.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
( all chuckling )
( clears throat )
SO I GUESS YOU ALL SAW IT.
SAW WHAT?
NO, WE'RE JUST LAUGHING.
YOU KNOW HOW LAUGHTER
CAN BE INFECTIOUS.
HEY.
SET ANOTHER PLACE
FOR THANKSGIVING.
MY ENTIRE FAMILY THINKS
I HAVE V.D.
TONIGHT, ON A VERY SPECIAL
BLOSSOM...
MMM, LOOKING GOOD.
CIDER'S MULLING,
TURKEY'S TURKING,
YAMS ARE YAMMING.
WHAT?
IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME
WITHOUT MOM IN THE KITCHEN.
GET OUT OF MY WAY
AND STOP ANNOYING ME.
THAT'S CLOSER.
I GOT THE TICKETS.
FIVE HOURS FROM NOW...
SHOOP, SHOOP, SHOOP.
YOU MUST STOP SHOOPING.
I'M GOING TO GET MY STUFF.
CHANDLER, WILL YOU
COME IN ALREADY?
I PREFER TO KEEP A SAFE DISTANCE
FROM ALL THIS MERRIMENT.
LOOK OUT.
INCOMING PUMPKIN PIE.
( imitating airplane engine )
OKAY, WE ALL LAUGHED WHEN YOU
DID IT WITH THE STUFFING
BUT THAT'S NOT FUNNY ANYMORE.
MONICA, I GOT
A QUESTION.
I DON'T SEE
ANY TATER TOTS.
THAT'S NOT A QUESTION.
MY MOM ALWAYS MAKES THEM.
IT'S A TRADITION.
YOU GET A LITTLE
TURKEY ON YOUR FORK
A LITTLE CRANBERRY SAUCE
AND A TOT.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH
I CAN'T BE WITH MY FAMILY
BECAUSE OF MY DISEASE.
ALL RIGHT.
TONIGHT'S POTATOES WILL BE
BOTH MASHED WITH LUMPS
AND IN THE FORM OF TOTS.
I'M OFF TO TALK
TO MY UNBORN CHILD.
AH!
MOM NEVER HIT.
OKAY, ALL DONE.
PHOEBE, DID YOU
WHIP THE POT...
ROSS NEEDS LUMPS.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT WE COULD
HAVE THEM WHIPPED
AND THEN ADD SOME PEAS
AND ONIONS.
WHY WOULD WE DO THAT?
'CAUSE THEN THEY'D BE
THE WAY MY MOM USED TO MAKE IT
BEFORE SHE DIED.
OKAY, THREE KINDS
OF POTATOES COMING UP.
OKAY, GOOD-BYE, YOU GUYS.
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING.
OH, LOOK.
OH, SORRY.
THE MOST UNBELIEVABLE
THING HAS HAPPENED.
UNDERDOG HAS GOTTEN AWAY.
THE BALLOON?
NO,
THE ACTUAL CARTOON CHARACTER.
OF COURSE THE BALLOON.
IT'S ALL OVER
THE NEWS.
HE BROKE FREE AND WAS SPOTTED
OVER WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK.
I'M GOING TO THE ROOF.
I CAN'T.
I GOT TO GO.
AN 80-FOOT INFLATABLE DOG
LOOSE OVER THE CITY?
HOW OFTEN DOES THAT HAPPEN?
ALMOST NEVER.
GOT THE KEYS?
OKAY.
ANYTIME YOU'RE READY.
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
OKAY, WHERE AM I
TALKING TO HERE?
I MEAN, THERE IS ONE WAY
THAT SEEMS TO OFFER
A CERTAIN ACOUSTICAL
ADVANTAGE, BUT...
JUST AIM FOR THE BUMP.
OKAY.
OKAY, HERE GOES.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN'T DO THIS.
THIS IS...
IT'S TOO WEIRD.
I FEEL STUPID.
SO DON'T DO IT.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO IT
JUST BECAUSE SUSAN DOES IT.
HELLO, BABY.
I LOVED THE GIANT
DOG SHADOW OVER THE PARK.
DID THEY HAVE
TO SHOOT HIM DOWN?
THAT WAS
JUST MEAN.
RIGHT ABOUT NOW, THE TURKEY
SHOULD BE CRISPY ON THE OUTSIDE
JUICY ON THE INSIDE.
WHY ARE WE STANDING HERE?
WE'RE WAITING FOR YOU
TO OPEN THE DOOR.
YOU'VE GOT THE KEYS.
NO, I DON'T.
YES, YOU DO.
WHEN WE LEFT, YOU SAID,
"GOT THE KEYS."
NO, I ASKED, "GOT THE KE-EYS?"
NO, NO, NO, YOU SAID,
"GOT THE KE-EYS."
EITHER OF YOU
HAVE THE KE-EYS?
THE OVEN IS ON.
I'VE GOT TO GET
MY TICKET.
WE HAVE A COPY
OF YOUR KEY.
GET IT!
THAT TONE WON'T
MAKE ME GO ANY FASTER.
JOEY...
THAT ONE WILL.
AND EVERYONE'S TELLING ME,
"YOU'VE GOT TO PICK A MAJOR."
SO, ON A DARE,
I PICKED PALEONTOLOGY.
AND YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I'M SAYING
BECAUSE LET'S FACE IT,
YOU'RE A FETUS.
YOU'RE JUST HAPPY
YOU DON'T HAVE GILLS ANYMORE.
LOOK, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO TALK TO IT.
YOU CAN SING TO IT.
I AM NOT SINGING
TO YOUR STOMACH.
HOW'S IT GOING?
♪ HERE WE COME ♪
♪ WALKIN' DOWN THE STREET ♪
♪ GET THE FUNNIEST LOOKS
FROM EVERYONE WE MEET ♪
♪ HEY, HEY... ♪
HEY, UH, DID YOU
JUST FEEL THAT?
I DID.
DOES IT ALWAYS..?
THAT WAS THE FIRST.
KEEP SINGING.
♪ HEY, HEY, YOU'RE MY BABY ♪
♪ AND I CAN'T WAIT
TO MEET YOU ♪
♪ WHEN YOU COME OUT
I'LL BUY YOU A BAGEL ♪
♪ AND THEN WE'LL GO
TO THE ZOO ♪
I FELT IT.
♪ HEY, HEY, I'M YOUR DADDY ♪
♪ I'M THE ONE
WITHOUT ANY BREASTS ♪
CAN YOU GO ANY FASTER
WITH THAT?
I GOT ONE KEY HOLE
AND A ZILLION KEYS.
YOU DO THE MATH.
WHY DO YOU GUYS
HAVE SO MANY KEYS
IN THERE ANYWAY?
FOR AN EMERGENCY
JUST LIKE THIS.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN, SMIRKY,
IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU
AND YOUR STUPID BALLOON,
I WOULD BE ON A PLANE
WATCHING A WOMAN
DO THIS RIGHT NOW
BUT I'M NOT.
I SWEAR YOU SAID
YOU HAD THE KEYS.
I WOULDN'T SAY THAT
UNLESS I HAD THE KEYS.
AND I DID NOT
HAVE THE KEYS!
ENOUGH WITH THE KEYS.
NO ONE SAY "KEYS."
WHY WOULD I HAVE
THE KEYS?
ASIDE FROM YOUR
SAYING YOU HAD THEM?
BUT I DIDN'T.
YOU SHOULD HAVE.
WHY?
BECAUSE.
BECAUSE EVERYTHING
IS MY RESPONSIBILITY?
ISN'T IT ENOUGH
THAT I'M MAKING
THANKSGIVING DINNER
FOR EVERYONE?
EVERYONE WANTS
A DIFFERENT KIND OF POTATO.
SO I'M MAKING
DIFFERENT KINDS OF POTATOES.
DOES ANYBODY CARE WHAT KIND
OF POTATOES I WANT?
NO! NO! NO!
JUST AS LONG AS PHOEBE
GETS HER PEAS
AND ONIONS
AND MARIO
GETS HIS TOTS.
IT'S MY FIRST THANKSGIVING
AND IT'S ALL BURNED AND...
( high pitched ):
AND I...
OKAY, MONICA, ONLY DOGS
CAN HEAR YOU NOW.
THE DOOR'S OPEN.
OH, GOD.
WELL, THE TURKEY'S BURNT.
POTATOES ARE RUINED.
♪ HERE WE COME ♪
♪ WALKIN' DOWN THE... ♪
THIS DOESN'T SMELL
LIKE MOM'S.
NO, IT DOESN'T, DOES IT?
BUT YOU WANTED LUMPS, ROSS?
HERE YOU GO, BUDDY.
YOU GOT ONE.
GOD, THIS IS GREAT.
THE PLANE IS GONE
I GUESS I'M STUCK
HERE WITH YOU GUYS.
WE ALL HAD
BETTER PLANS.
THIS WAS NOBODY'S
FIRST CHOICE.
OH, REALLY?
SO WHY WAS I BUSTING MY ASS
TO MAKE THIS DELICIOUS DINNER?
YOU CALL THAT DELICIOUS?
( all shouting )
STOP IT! STOP IT!
NOW, THIS FEELS
LIKE THANKSGIVING.
EW!
WHAT?
UGLY NAKED GUY'S
TAKING HIS TURKEY
OUT OF THE OVEN.
( all groan )
OH, MY GOD.
HE'S NOT ALONE.
UGLY NAKED GUY
IS HAVING
THANKSGIVING DINNER
WITH UGLY NAKED GAL.
I'VE GOT
TO SEE THIS.
( all gasping )
ALL RIGHT,
UGLY NAKED GUY!
UGLY NAKED DANCING.
IT'S NICE THAT
HE HAS SOMEONE.
SHALL I CARVE?
BY ALL MEANS.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY. WHO WANTS
LIGHT CHEESE?
AND WHO WANTS
DARK CHEESE?
I DON'T EVEN
WANT TO KNOW
ABOUT THE DARK CHEESE.
ANYBODY WANT
TO SPLIT THIS?
OH. I WILL.
MAKE A WISH.
MAKE A WISH?
COME ON. YOU KNOW--
THANKSGIVING.
OOH! YOU GOT
THE BIGGER HALF.
WHAT'D YOU WISH?
FOR THE BIGGER HALF.
ALL RIGHT.
I'D LIKE TO PROPOSE
A TOAST.
LITTLE TOAST HERE.
I KNOW THIS
ISN'T EXACTLY
THE THANKSGIVING THAT
ALL OF YOU PLANNED.
BUT FOR ME, THIS HAS BEEN
REALLY GREAT. YOU KNOW?
I THINK BECAUSE IT DIDN'T
INVOLVE DIVORCE
OR PROJECTILE VOMITING.
ANYWAY, I WAS JUST THINKING,
IF YOU HAD GONE TO VAIL
OR IF YOU GUYS HAD BEEN
WITH YOUR FAMILY
OR IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE
SYPHILIS AND STUFF
WE WOULDN'T BE ALL
TOGETHER, YOU KNOW?
SO I GUESS WHAT I'M TRYING
TO SAY IS
THAT, UH, I'M VERY THANKFUL
THAT ALL OF YOUR
THANKSGIVINGS SUCKED.
All:
THAT'S SO SWEET.
THANK YOU.
AND HEY...
HERE'S TO A LOUSY
CHRISTMAS.
AND A CRAPPY NEW YEAR.
HERE. HERE.